1) Main Idea of JavaScript

1. SAVE THE DATA

    data = information

    (info about our products)

    saved data in an object or arrays to create data structures



2. GENERATE html

    use the saved data to GENERATE

    loop through the array of data


    products.rating.stars * 10

    We are multiplying it by 10 beacuse it displays rating-4.5.png which needs to be rating-45.png


    priceCents / 100 to display it in dollars


    "js show number with 2 decimal places"




3. make it interactive






2) HTML Data Attribute

- html attribute that starts with "data"

example data-product-name: "${product.name}"



.dataset - gives us all data attributes that are signed to the button






3) Steps to adding to cart 

1. check if the product is already in the cart

2. if it is in the cart then we increase the quanity by 1

3. if its not then add it to cart





4) Making the Cart icon interactive

1. calculate the quantity

    loop through the array
    and add the quantity

2. put the quantity on the page





Lesson 14 - Modules

Modules features - no name conflicts


1. Create the Module 

    1. create a file
    2. don't load the file with script tag

    any variables we create inside the file will be contained inside the file


2. Get Variable out of a file

    1. add type="module" attribute
    2. export the variable
    3. import the variable to another js file


import needs to be on top of the page

Modules don't work by opening html files directly
You have to use live server!

import { cart as myCart } from "../data/cart.js"; to avoid naming conflicts

no worries about the order of files



Best Practice is to group related code together


To change so you can select one of each product 3 delivery options use code bellow


delivery-option-${matchingProduct.id}  instead of delivery-option-1




Deleting the Quantity from a product 

    1. remove the product from the cart

        1.1 attacvhing the product id to the delete link

        1.2 Steps for function removeFromCart

            1. create a new array

            2. loop through the array

            3. add to the array each product except the productId

    2. update the html










